Promtail: Add a new target for the Azure Event Hub (#8787)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/configuration.md

# Configuration describing how to pull/receive Google Cloud Platform (GCP) logs.
[gcplog: <gcplog_config>]

> # Configuration describing how to get Azure Event Hubs messages.

Reviewer: Is it Azure Event Hub (singular) or Azure Event Hubs (plural)?

Author: Great question 👍 

You are right. Its naming is inconsistent in this PR.

The service is called Event Hubs (plural), and I renamed it everywhere now to use "hubs" instead of "hub". 

I added a link to the Azure catalog in this comment https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/8787#discussion_r1145895076

- `__gcp_resource_type`
- `__gcp_resource_labels_<NAME>`

### Azure Event Hub

The `azure_event_hub` block configures how Promtail receives Azure Event Hubs messages. Promtail uses an Apache Kafka endpoint on Event Hubs to receive messages. More information can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/azure-event-hubs-kafka-overview).

[Here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/reports-monitoring/tutorial-azure-monitor-stream-logs-to-event-hub) is a tutorial on streaming Azure logs to an Azure event hub.

Apache Kafka endpoint is not available within the `Basic` pricing plan. More information about Event Hubs pricing [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/event-hubs/). 

```yaml
# Event Hub namespace host names (Required). Typically, it looks like <your-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net:9093.

> [fully_qualified_namespace: <string> | default = ""]

Author: Makes sense 👍 Updated.

# Event Hubs to consume (Required).

> [event_hubs: <strings> | default = [""]]

Author: Looks good 👍 Merged 😃

# The consumer group id.
[group_id: <string> | default = "promtail"]

# Event Hub ConnectionString for authentication on Azure Cloud (Required).
[connection_string: <string> | default = "range"]

> # If Promtail should pass on the timestamp from the incoming log or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# If Promtail should pass on the timestamp from the incoming message or not.
```

- `__gcp_resource_type`
- `__gcp_resource_labels_<NAME>`

> ### Azure Event Hub

Reviewer: Is it Azure Event Hub (singular) or Azure Event Hubs (plural)?  I'm seeing both forms in the docs update when it should be consistent if it's a product name.

Author: @JStickler nice catch 👍 

I did check Azure [catalog](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/), and the service name is `Event Hubs` (plural).

I will update the code and docs to use plural everywhere.

Thank you for pointing it out 👍

The `azure_event_hub` block configures how Promtail receives Azure Event Hubs messages. Promtail uses an Apache Kafka endpoint on Event Hubs to receive messages. More information can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/azure-event-hubs-kafka-overview).

> [Here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/reports-monitoring/tutorial-azure-monitor-stream-logs-to-event-hub) is a tutorial on streaming Azure logs to an Azure event hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about streaming Azure logs to an Azure event hub, you can see this [tutorial](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/reports-monitoring/tutorial-azure-monitor-stream-logs-to-event-hub).
```

> Apache Kafka endpoint is not available within the `Basic` pricing plan. More information about Event Hubs pricing [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/event-hubs/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that an Apache Kafka endpoint is not available within the `Basic` pricing plan. For more information, see the [Event Hubs pricing page](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/event-hubs/). 
```

fully_qualified_namespace: <string> | default = ""

# Event Hubs to consume (Required).
event_hubs:
    [ - <string> ... ]

# Event Hub ConnectionString for authentication on Azure Cloud (Required).
connection_string: <string> | default = "range"

# The consumer group id.
[group_id: <string> | default = "promtail"]

# If Promtail should pass on the timestamp from the incoming message or not.
# When false Promtail will assign the current timestamp to the log when it was processed
[use_incoming_timestamp: <bool> | default = false]

# If Promtail should ignore messages that don't match the schema for Azure resource logs.
# Schema is described here https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/essentials/resource-logs-schema.
[disallow_custom_messages: <bool> | default = false]

# Labels optionally hold labels to associate with each log line.
[labels]:
  [ <labelname>: <labelvalue> ... ]
```

### Available Labels

When Promtail receives Azure Event Hubs messages, various internal labels are made available for [relabeling](#relabel_configs).

**Available Labels:**

- `__azure_event_hub_category`: The log category of the message when a message is an application log.

> The list of labels below are discovered because of consuming Kafka interface of Event Hubs:

Author: Yes 😃 

We use Kafka integration to interact with Event Hubs. Because of this, all Kafka labels are available for this target too.

Your suggestion describes it well. I will update it.

Thank you! 👍
